Development and operations teams are no longer "siloed" under a DevOps approach. 
There are instances when these two teams are combined into one, where the engineers work across the whole application 
lifecycle—from development and test to deployment and operations—and acquire a variety of skills that are not specific to any one function.

There are many benefits of DevOps which will be listed below:

Speed - Move quickly so you can develop for clients more quickly, better adjust to shifting markets, and become more effective at generating business results. 
Your development and operations teams can accomplish these goals thanks to the DevOps approach. 
For instance, teams can take control of services and change them more quickly thanks to microservices and continuous delivery.

Reliability - Ensure the calibre of application updates and infrastructure modifications so you can deliver 
consistently at a faster rate while keeping the end user experience good. 
Test each change to ensure it is secure and functional using techniques like continuous integration and continuous delivery. 
You can keep up with performance in real-time with the aid of monitoring and logging procedures.

Improved Collaboration - Build more efficient teams using the DevOps culture model, which stresses principles like accountability and ownership. 
Teams of developers and operations work closely together, divide up tasks, and merge workflows. Inefficiencies are decreased, and time is saved.

"Why does DevOps matter?"

The world and its sectors, from retail to entertainment to finance, have been completely altered by software and the Internet. 
Software now plays a crucial role in every aspect of a business, going beyond simply providing assistance. 
Through software supplied as online services or applications and on a variety of devices, businesses communicate with their customers. 
Additionally, they employ software to transform every step of the value chain, including logistics, 
communications, and operations, in order to improve operational efficiencies. 
Companies now must change how they produce and distribute software in a similar way to how physical goods companies changed how they 
design, build, and deliver things utilising industrial automation throughout the 20th century.